a wooden doll strangely terrifyingly
human plaything of the devil capable of
such evil that only a cage can restrain
its diabolical desires
it wants it talks in Berlin 1948 find me
it sees
it kills on blood-chilling command by
thought-control his girl she said you
were ugly
somehow he's put a man's life into that
doll somehow the malevolent mystery of
the devil doll must be solved before
more lives are lost to the monstrous
power that manipulates look into it
so deep rich and red he's calling me but
there are no happiest answers no
mechanical tricks nothing but sheer
horror that grows and grows and explodes
into violent murderous action you'll
learn the dummy's sinister secret only
at the very end of this most unusual
suspense thriller but for maximum shock
soft sieved from the beginning devil dog